
1. Can you iterate over elements in a Java HashMap?

A) No, you cannot
B) Yes, but the order of the element is undefined
C) Yes,and the elements are always sorted by the defined keys

2.what is the best way to validate a telephone number in your application 

A) Write your own parser
B) Use a regular expression and check if the result matches your string
C) Parse it as an integer

3) What would be a good way of describing streams in Java 8 ?

A) Streams are processing patterns that work on your data 
B) Streams are data structures that store incoming data
C) Streams are APIs for streaming data in your web application (e.g., websockets,video)


4) What would this program output ?

String value = "red";
switch(value) {
case "red" : System.out.println("FAIL");
case "green" : System.out.println("OK");
}

A) FAIL OK
B) FAIL
C) It would not compile,as you cannot use switch with strings 


5) Is the following assignment to a method parameter valid in Java ?

void method(int a) {
...
a=4;
...

}

A) No,it will produce a compile error
B) Yes


6)What is the time complexity of appending an element to an ArrayList ?

A) Always O(1)
B) Always O(n)
C) Amortized O(1)


7) What is the main purpose of buffered input/output streams ?

A) To increase performance,as most I/O operations are done in blocks,
B) To be able read/write the same file from many theads at once.
C) It is a security measure against buffer overflows and denial-of-servoce attack



8) what is the visibility of a class without an access modifier ?

A) It as same as public
B) It is public if it has the same name as a source file, otherwise it is the same as 
C) It is visible within the same package. 


9) What is the JAR File Format ?

A) It is a Java bytecode format
B) It is a platform specific package type that allows applications to be launched.
C) It is a package built on the ZIP Format, aggregating Java class files,metadata


Write a function solution that,given an integer N, returns the maximum possible value 
obtainable by deleting one '5' digit from the decimal representation of N. It is 
guranteed that N will contain at least one '5' digit .

Example :
1) Given N=15958, the function should return 1958

2) Given N = -5859, the function should return -589

3) Given N=-5000, the function should return 0. After deleting the '5', 
the only digits in the number are zeros, so its value is 0. 

Assume that :

. N is an integer within the range 
[-999,995..999,995];
N contains at least one '5' digit in its decimal representation;
N consists of at least two digits in its decimal representation.


